many people ask me if there is a trick I've learned over the years on
getting the job done and getting organized do that job and my best advice
to people who ask that question is for goodness sakes do not do
it the way I do it I am about the world's worst a culture of specific
tasks so I am the wrong guy has to figure out how to do a good job
and get things done I think that thing you need to do that I can
advise you on is you need to be very insightful about your own limitations
and don't keep beating your head against the wall if you're no
good it's something don't try to make yourself good at it find a way
that you can do what you need to do without having that skill because
a lot of people spend their whole life trying to acquire a skill
they just don't have